Hello Everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
I've played a lot of games since I've started...
And people said I'm bad at gaming and stuff...
That means "I put a lot of effort on it" to me because I started from zero!
And there are some games that I'm already good at, right?
I thought showing my walkthroughs, guides and reviews...
In other ways than just showing them in videos would be good! That's why...
"I am going to make my own website for all my game walkthroughs, guides and reviews!"
And with that being said, let's do it!
When you want to make this kind of websites...
Those HTML... CSS... co...
Codes?
You have to memorise them right?
Those must be tough...
But with WIX
You can create a fabulous website!
Try to feel it, Wix!
Something like this...
Eh... First of all...
Hoi!
Let's look through all the templates!
There are so many of them!
Like this...
... It is possible...
... To find modern templates here.
For example, "Selective store"
"Photographer briefcase"
"Constructor Company"
"Beauty salon"!
The most popular templates are...
Is this one good?
"Graphic Designer", it's great, isn't it?
I'll pick the beauty salon one.
Eh?
Is this the template?
Ah, it's amazing!
Ah, those dots in the right side can be moved as well.
*Let's edit the template
Let's edit the template and create the main page*
I see.
*Let's edit the template
Let's edit the template and create the main page*
Eh? It's amazing, isn't it?
It seems to be a place that you could find anywhere, doesn't it?
What's another template that I could use?
"Familiar Photos", right? Ah...
"Yoga Room"
It's something...
... A pretty simple and relaxing design, it's great, don't you think so?
It makes me feel like I want to sleep.
I did Yoga too, right?
Meow! Right?
"Online Store"
What about this one?
Wa... Wa...
Waru...?
Winta...
Autumn-Winter?
Eh?
A store.
Ah! I've seen that before.
Can you make something like that using a template?
That's amazing.
Oh! A video!
This is great, isn't it?
After all, I'll be doing videos as well, right?
It has a style, doesn’t it?
I want to do something like that.
"About"
Nice sunglasses.
Home!
I see...
Well, I saw a lot of them, but...
... If I keep in mind the page that I want to make this time...
I think that the "goods" section will be important for sure, so...
... I think that the "Blog" template should be fine.
Look! Something like this!
I don't want to sell anything.
I don't even have products.
Ah, yes. Something like that, like that!
I'll have videogame related stuff.
I want it to look like this.
I guess it's fine like that, don't you think so?
It's pretty simple and...
... It seems like it's easy to read.
It's fine like this, right?
"Don't fail anymore"
"Eyelashes"
I have eyelashes too.
It's fine like that, right?
First, the main page...
That's... How to say it?
That's the page that you see when you open the website.
The main page should be something likeable, right?
"Main Page"
I'll definitely write words in english...
... Because it sounds cool, right?
And like this...
... I'll be classifying articles related with games.
They have to be in order after all, right?
And you can change the order like this.
Like this, maybe?
Good, good.
Alright! For now, I sorted the games by time. I put those that I've been playing recently!
And...
... I can change the background, right?
Hoi!
"Image"?
I wonder what picture will look better.
It will be over soon, but...
Ah!
This one, definitely! Right?
If we talk about summer, we can't forget about the beach!
Althought it is about to end!
I'll pick the beach wishing that, someday, I could go there.
Well, it doesn't look bad, but...
You can't tell what is this website about, right?
It seems like a Yoga website, right?
So, then...
... I'll definitely use a picture of me.
Wow, I'm definitely cute!
I'm so cute!
The position of the picture is very important.
Like this?
Alright.
And then...
I'll put the title at the height of my eyes.
That's very important, after all.
That's too high, I guess.
Something like that?
But if I place it here, it will cover my face, right?
I'll place it where it can't cover my face.
As a title I'll put...
What could look the best?
For now, I'll make it simple...
Hoi!
I'll put this name for now.
"A.I.GamersInfo (Temporal)", is it fine?
And now...
... I'll put a short description of the website.
A website for...
... Ai-chan's game reviews...
Calling myself "Ai-chan"...
It's a little corny
Well, I said it so it can't be helped
Yes!
And...
Move this a little...
Bring this to here
What would be a good color for the menu bar?
Ah, but the background is white, so...
As I thought I should go with my color, something pink should be good
What color should I go for?
Good!
My color~
Then, the color when someone click on an item will be...
Dark pink?
Ok
Ok-maru!
Even when you click...
This is 'very pink' isn't it
Okay, okay
Good!
Tada!
Then
With this.
I'm going to make all of it into the background.
It is so cute.
Then, here we go!
*laughs* The profile... this...
It's a woman *laughs* Who is that?
"Enquiry" It's that, isn't it?
First, I'll add a lot of things.
... I changed the name of the template...
... I should decide what to put in the page.
It feels like...
... It will end up being a different website.
Links to my social media...
... That's important.
When we talk about games...
That's true! The first game...
Was that the first game that I played?
For example, surpass the million revivals in Inside.
But I haven't accomplished that yet, right?
Well, I have a long way to go... Maybe?
I wonder how much I need to make it.
Ah, the links to my social media... I'll put them here.
"Pinterest" and "YouTube"...
"Instagram"
I'll put "Google" too.
I'll delete those ones that I don't need.
I don't have a Pinterest.
Instagram...
I don't need Google.
YouTube, I think I won't need it.
I don't need it.
Eh?
Don't I have a YouTube channel? Well, whatever...
Ah, yes, yes. By the way, just as I said before, during the Inside stream...
... I want to decide what kind of guides I'll be doing.
Alright!
I'm done testing out the pink color.
Okay! Okay!
And...
I'm pretty sure that I'll finish all the games that I've been playing.
So, you know, if I have to make a choice...
That lady again!
If I have to make a choice...
How to say it? Then...
There's a bunch of games that I'm not good playing at.
So, it is possible that I write an article calling everyone who is bad playing games like me.
And, you know, maybe...
... This could be a new entry to those who know me, so...
... I would like to...
... Take advice from people that knows a lot about games.
Right?
Ah, you know, for example "Furare Kaihi"...
How to say it?...
... There isn't just one way to end the game, but...
... It has special scenes...
Like, it has a lot branches.
Right?
And, that's because...
... Like, for example, someone telling me: "Here, it is better for you to do this"...
... Or "If you do this, you'll be able to see this ending"
I would be so happy if you tell me something like that.
I'm done!
What do you think?
Don't you think it's lookig good?
Like, for example, I put the links for A.I.Games and YouTube
And, also, I put the Twitter gadget on the side.
I also changed the logo!
Don't you think it looks good?
And having said that...
I'll try writting an article.
The title will be...
"Hello"...
"Everyone!"
It's like my salutation~
Right, about that ''Hai domo''.
Since when did I start using it?
Somehow, now that I think about it...
Saying ''Hello Everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!''
Seems that it have became my habit.
I don't recall it at all.
There's quite alot of materials which we can use.
You see, like this, I wish there would be more places like this for communications.
I will make a comment and blog space in it so.
Please give me some advices!
Then, after I just decorated it~
Now it's finnished! Time to publish it!
Don!
Oh! It's published~
Looks good~ Looks good~
Yes! I just wanted to make it like this~
Just one regretful thing left...
The fact that we can't see my picture at all...
That space where my cute face blinks out!
No! It looks like it's censored!
I look like a criminal.
And, when you scroll up and down like this...
... Look at my face, please.
Alright!
A criminal.
"Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!", somthing like that, right?
*With a distorted voice*
And I thought that she was a good girl, something like that?
And having said that...
My website is finally done!
Yaaaay!
The name is just a placeholder, so...
I gotta think about it later.
Also, regarding the first article...
... I definitely made it without even thinking what I was gonna write, so...
... I'll let you know when I post a proper article.
"Virtual Writer Kizuna Ai"
Something like that, right?
Sounds good.
Oh, man. It's so easy to make a website with WIX, so...
... For beginners...
... Remembering tags, this is "a" and then...
... If you do this using CSS, the color...
... Well, this is the code...
It's so tedious...
... And if you make a mistake...
Ah! Everything is broken! I didn't want to do that.
It's possible that it happens to you and...
... I really recommend it.
Even a beginner can make their own website using their intuition.
It's really...!
♪ Try to feel it, Wix! ♪
Right?
This was Virtual Writer Kizuna Ai! See you soon!
Translated by: ロリコ, Zerch, Bararo, AngryBunny, Lacrymac and 963852